Add documentation for Slack Helm chart (#13726)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-request-plugins/ssh-approval-slack.mdx

- Slack admin privileges to create an app and install it to your workspace. Your
  Slack profile must have the "Workspace Owner" or "Workspace Admin" banner
  below your profile picture.

> - Either a Linux host or Kubernetes cluster where you will run the Mattermost plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Either a Linux host or Kubernetes cluster where you will run the Slack plugin.
```

(!/docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

## Step 1/8. Define RBAC resources

Before you set up the Slack plugin, you will need to enable Role Access Requests

> in the Proxy or Auth Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your Teleport cluster.
```
Not sure we need to be this specific in this intro sentence. We could even end the sentence at "enable Role Access Requests".

  $ cd teleport-plugins/access/slack
  $ make
  ```

  Place the `teleport-slack` binary into an appropriate location
  within the sytem's `PATH`, e.g., `/usr/local/bin`:

  ```code
  $ mv ./build/teleport-slack /usr/local/bin
  ```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Helm Chart">
  ```code
  helm repo add teleport https://charts.releases.teleport.dev/
  helm repo update
  ```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

>   Make sure the binary is installed:

Reviewer: The command under "Make sure the binary is installed" won't work for the Helm chart. I think we should either delete it or move it into both the "Download" and "From Source" tabs.

  $ cd teleport-plugins/access/slack
  $ make
  ```

  Place the `teleport-slack` binary into an appropriate location
  within the sytem's `PATH`, e.g., `/usr/local/bin`:

  ```code
  $ mv ./build/teleport-slack /usr/local/bin
  ```

  Make sure the binary is installed:

  ```code
  $ teleport-slack version
  teleport-slack v(=teleport.plugin.version=) git:teleport-slack-v(=teleport.plugin.version=)-fffffffff go(=teleport.golang=)
  ```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Helm Chart">
  ```code

>   helm repo add teleport https://charts.releases.teleport.dev/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 $ helm repo add teleport https://charts.releases.teleport.dev/
```

>   helm repo update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$  helm repo update
```

```toml
(!examples/resources/plugins/teleport-slack.toml!)
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Helm Chart">
The Slack Helm Chart uses a YAML values file to configure the plugin.

> On the host where you've helm installed, create a file called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your local workstation, create a file called
```
Unless users would likely be running Helm on a remote host. In that case, we should change "where you've helm installed" to "where you've installed Helm".

> `teleport-slack-helm.yaml` based on the following example:

Reviewer: I'm not sure what we're asking the reader to do here. Is this instructing the reader run the `teleport-slack configure` command, then manually edit it to be a Helm values file?

Also, the text says "This should result in a config file like the one below", but the one below looks very different from the result of the `teleport-slack configure` command.

Author: Ooops, I failed to delete the old lines.

> **`[teleport]`**

Reviewer: In the sentence before this, we should change: 

```markdown
Edit the teleport-slack.toml file you created earlier to update the following fields:
```

to:

```markdown
Open the configuration file created for the Teleport Slack plugin and update the following fields:
```

root_cas = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack/auth.cas"   # Teleport cluster CA certs
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Connect to the Proxy Service" options="Executable">

Set `addr` to  your Proxy Service address with port `443`.

Set `identity` to the identity file generated earlier:

```toml
[teleport]
addr = "teleport.example.com:443"
identity = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack/auth.pem"
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Connect to the Proxy or Auth Service" scope="cloud" options="Helm Chart">

> **`address`**: Include the hostname and port of your Teleport Proxy or Auth Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`address`**: Include the hostname and port of your Teleport Proxy or Auth Service
```

(e.g., `teleport.example.com:443`).

**`identitySecretName`**: Fill in the `identitySecretName` field with the name

> of the Kubernetes secret you created earlier.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this refers to—there are no instructions earlier in the page for creating a Kubernetes secret.

Author: It's in `docs/pages/includes/plugins/identity-export.mdx` under the Helm Chart dropdown

"dev" = ["dev-slack-channel", "admin-slack-channel"]
"dba" = "alex@gmail.com"
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Helm Chart">

> The Helm Chart uses a bit different format for `role_to_recipients`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our Helm chart,  the `role_to_recipients` field is called `roleToRecipients` and uses the following format:
```
Suggested to make this more explicit

## Step 8/8. Set up systemd

> This section is only relevant if you are running the Executable version of the

Reviewer: Since we're not limited to the space of a tab label here, I think we can be more explicit and say, "This section is only relevant if you are running the Teleport Slack plugin on a Linux host".
